=The Hidden Heir Ye Chen=
(Adapted from "The Peerless Son-in-Law")
=Episode 18=
This flashy thing is all show
and no substance
and you think it can save lives?
If it doesn't end up
killing your daughter,
you should already count yourself lucky.
You're a major player
in medicine business.
What were you thinking?
That's right.
One careless moment,
and we got fooled by a scoundrel.
Dr. Shi, you must think poorly of us.
Dad!
Wait!
What are you doing, Dad?
Anything that can't save your sister
is garbage.
Throw it away.
Garbage?
This cost 100 million!
You could've given it to me!
Why would I give it to you?
If I give you,
you'd just get scammed too.
Like you weren't scammed yourself!
Anyway, how's Yu Jinghai?
Erm...
He's gone mad.
Lost his mind.
Can't get a word out of him.
Don't worry.
Now that I'm here,
I'll do my best.
Dr. Shi,
thank you.
Sorry. Mr. Qin isn't seeing guests.
Mr. Qin.
I just did you a huge favor,
and this is how you treat me?
You do this on purpose, right?
No, seriously, I surrender.
Why are you here again?
I need quiet.
Stop making noise.
White Tiger Head-Shaking
Acupuncture Technique?
Young man, you know your stuff.
To actually recognize
my needle technique,
you must come
from a distinguished lineage.
Sir,
let me introduce him.
He's no distinguished heir.
He's the most famous
good-for-nothing son-in-law
in all of Jinzhou.
An orphaned loser.
As a kid, I studied some acupuncture
with an old man for a couple of days.
I've seen him demonstrate it before.
But his needles
aren't nearly as nice as yours.
They're just some metal spikes.
To do a job well,
one must first sharpen his tools.
Without my specially crafted
silver needles,
it's impossible to perform
the true White Tiger Head-Shaking
Acupuncture Technique
I imagine that old man of yours
must have picked up a few cheap tricks
and went around swindling people
with them.
Ye Chen,
as you can see, I'm quite busy.
Let's talk about our matter later.
Guards!
Wait.
Since this young man
recognized the technique,
I'll let him see
what the real White Tiger Head-Shaking
Acupuncture Technique looks like.
I've long heard that Dr. Shi
enjoys mentoring the younger generation.
Truly the bearing of a great master.
He just likes to show off.
Close the windows and doors.
Keep the evil winds out.
At her three pulse points,
the pulse is deep, rapid, and uneven.
The toxin has sunk inward.
She may only have seven days left.
Her brow has darkened.
The poison has gathered.
Did her eyelid just move?
Yes.
What a miracle!
The moment the needle stabbed her face,
her face flushed red right away!
Right, Dad?
Yes.
Just a trivial trick.
Not worth mentioning.
Let me correct you.
We don't call it stabbing.
Instead, we physicians call it
needle manipulation.
Needle manipulation.
So, young man,
what do you think of my
White Tiger Head-Shaking
Acupuncture Technique?
How does it compare to
that old man you mentioned?
As for the technique,
you're certainly the older one.
Watch your mouth!
I mean seasoned,
more experienced.
But in terms of skill,
it still lacks a bit.
That old man once told me
that after performing this technique,
even the gravest patient would wake up
for thirty to fifty minutes.
But how come your patient seems
to have fallen asleep instead?
Did you cut a corner?
How...
Insolence!
I've cultivated my skills
for fifty years!
Young man,
what right does that old man have
to judge my ability?
Can't you see we're busy here?
Stop bothering Dr. Shi, will you?
You should leave now.
Perhaps the doctor is tired.
Shall I help you get some rest?
I have fifty years of training.
Me? Tired?
Why are you so thick-skinned?
Will you leave or not?
If you're not tired,
why not try again?
I'll say this one last time,
- if you...
- Wait.
I...
can try once more.
She's awake!
Aoxue.
Dad...
As long as you're awake, that's enough.
Dr. Shi,
your medical skills
are truly remarkable!
Thank you.
Your 50 years of mastery truly live up
to your name, Dr. Shi.
If there's nothing else,
I'll take my leave.
Wait.
I'll see you out.
No, you just woke up.
Don't get up.
Let her see the young man out.
A little movement
will do her good.
Alright then.
Careful now, slowly.
Aoxue, take it slow.
What's that smell?
It actually smells pretty nice.
There.
It's that incense.
My mom used to love burning this kind
when she was alive.
I'm used to it.
So whenever I spar,
I light a few sticks.
Didn't you say you were going
to send me out.
Why did you bring me here?
About our last spar, I admitted defeat.
But honestly,
I'm still a bit unconvinced.
We should spar again.
Alright.
I give up.
I give up, okay?
Fine.
If we're not sparring,
could you teach me
those two moves you used to beat me?
Once I learn them, we'll spar again.
Forget it.
The poison in your body
hasn't even been cured yet.
It's fine. Isn't Dr. Shi here?
Still, it's strange.
My health has always been great.
How could I have been poisoned?
Aoxue,
did it ever occur to you
that when we sparred,
I might've secretly poisoned you?
What are you saying?
Those two moves you used to beat me
were completely fair and square.
You're not the kind of person
who'd poison someone behind their back.
You're not.
No.
I still think we should spar again.
Come on.
Aoxue?
Aoxue!
Aoxue.
Dr. Shi,
this...
What did you do
when you took her out just now?
Why did she faint again?
This matter is not the young man's fault.
Mr. Qin, your daughter's poison
has already seeped deep into the marrow.
The acupuncture just now
was meant to draw the toxin outward
to the surface
so it can be treated properly.
The signs point to aconite toxicity.
It's aconitine poisoning.
It can be cured.
Then we'll have to trouble you, Dr. Shi.
With your fifty years of mastery,
we'll leave it to you.
Ye Chen, I really don't have time
to entertain you today.
Please see yourself out.
Go on.
Shi Tianqi?
I've heard of him.
He's a very famous miracle doctor.
With him here,
Qin Aoxue should be fine, right?
That old man Shi
said it was aconitine poisoning,
but something
about it still doesn't feel right.
Oh yeah.
Churan,
accompany me tomorrow.
Okay.
(Goji berries.)
(Hawthorn.)
(Dried tangerine peel.)
(Lily bulbs.)
(Saffron.)
(Grandpa, look! It's a bird's nest!)
This is the place where you grew up?
Yeah.
How long has it been
since you came back?
More than ten years.
You didn't bring me here
just for nostalgia, did you?
Are you looking for something?
Mr. Quan had a notebook.
About this big.
It contains records of many illnesses.
Qin Aoxue's symptoms
look very similar to one of them.
Got it.
I'll help you look.
Let's go.
Lil White,
I'm back.
Yintang Point.
Tiantu Point.
Long time no see.
Who are you talking to?
Come.
Come here, Churan.
Let me introduce you to my best friend
since childhood.
It's okay.
Don't be scared.
- It's okay.
- You...
Say hello.
Shake hands.
Come on.
Hello.
Miss Churan, you're very beautiful.
Is this it?
(Medical Log - Zuo Tradition
of the Spring and Autumn Annals)
Good thing I brought you here.
I knew it.
Qin Aoxue wasn't poisoned
by aconitine at all.
♪They said I was only meant
to gaze at the light♪
♪Never knowing I am the flame itself♪
♪I am fireworks, not a fire cast aside♪
♪I open my eyes amid the ruins♪
♪No one shields me
from the wind or the sky♪
♪Let them mock, let them sneer♪
♪I sharpen my silence into blades♪
♪Every cold word, I remember♪
♪Etching my path of defiance
into my heart♪
♪Fate did not sign my future for me♪
♪I carved my own light
with clenched fists♪
♪I belong to no one♪
♪I am the ember
that refuses to bow to destiny♪
♪Even if the world burns me into ash♪
♪I will rise upon those ashes♪